Table of Contents
Moon wolf
Version
Requirements
Usage
Development
Notes on front-end scripts
Using Docker
Docker image
Docker-compose
Jobs
Basic
Peach chestnut special
Peach chest period limit
Scorpion wolf
Ultimate の人狼
Moonlight
Options
Moon wolf
Are you a werewolf?

Under the moon, people are in a wolf !

Version
1.14.20

Requirements
Redis
MongoDB >= 3.2
Usage
Copy the source code
`git clone git://github.com/uhyo/jinrou.git`
Install dependencies
`cd jinrou`
`npm install`
Configure
`cp -r config.default config`
Edit `config/app.coffee`
Build front-end scripts
`cd front`
`npm install`
`npm run production-build`
`cd ..`
Run databases
Run MongoDB
Run redis
Run the application serverj
SS_ENV=production SS_PACK=1 node app.js
Development
To run in development mode, just run `node app.js`.

Notes on front-end scripts
Built assets will be placed at `client/static/front-assets`. Also, intermediate files are placed at `front/dist-esm`.

Building procedures are cpu- and memory- expensive. If you do not want to build on your server, you can build locally and copy the results to the server.

For development, use `npm run watch` in the `front/` directory to keey updating the front-end assets.

In production mode, contents of `client/static/front-assets/` can be served with `Cache-Control: immutable`. This will increace the effect of caches.

Using Docker
Optionally, one can use Docker to run the jinrou service.

The `Dockerfile` file and `docker` directory are only for this purpose.

Docker image
To build the docker image for jinrou, run `docker build .` in the project directory. `Dockerfile` defines the image.

Docker-compose
To run jinrou in an isolated environment using docker-compose, enther `docker` directory and run `docker-compose up --build`. This starts the jinrou docker image along with mongodb and redis Docker containers. The `docker/config.docker ` directory contains a config file for running jinrou in this environment.

Jobs
All 80 kinds?

Basic
Villager
Occupy division
Enthusiast
mad Men
Hunter
Co-owner
Poisoner
werewolf
Fox
Poisoner
Big wolf
Child fox
Peach chestnut special
こうもり
noble
slave
magician
スパイ
Human wolf
Peach chest period limit
Escaper
businessman
Queen sensation
Madman wolf
嘘つき
スパイII
コピー
Scorpion wolf
dictator
言ののママ
Teacher
Wolf teenager
Wang Wei
Ultimate の人狼
いろいろ

Moonlight
Kanban
Cautious wolf
などなど
Options
decision maker
Powerful person
Death god
Dark pot
a dark pot
Quantum wolf
